option to put material part inside obj file (#1686)
DGtal-team/DGtal: ChangeLog.md

- *IO*
  - New method to change the mode of the light position in Viewer3D (fixed to 
    camera or the scene) (Bertrand Kerautret, [#1683](https://github.com/DGtal-team/DGtal/pull/1683))

>   - Add alternative to store material inside obj file in MeshReader and MeshWriter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Add a new method to store material information in obj file in MeshReader and MeshWriter.
```
